similar to backstop, the first time
we run Cyprus, it will go through and
create a bunch of files for us and
initialize inside of our project so that
we have something to get started with.
Now we can see here while that's loading.
We can see this has created a cypress.json
file inside of our project folder.
And it has also created a Cypress folder,
which includes a bunch of different
files, including a folder where we can
put plugins and an integration folder,
which already includes a bunch of
example, tests for us to start with.
Now, depending on your setup, you
may get some errors in the terminal
similar to this, but you should also
have a popup open up on your computer.
This is the testing window that
we'll be running Cyprus tests in.
inside of this, we can see
here, the examples folder.
So this is the example tests
that have already been created.
We can go through and have a look
at all of the files that they've
created already to go for us.
If we click on one of them.
It will then go through and
it will run in the test suite.
We'll go through and run the tests
that have been previously set up,
which they're running it against
the example Cypress website.